---
layout: post
title:  "My Resume"
date:   2022-03-22 14:35:10 -0500
categories: jekyll update
---
# Zhong He

> Grounded and solution-oriented Computer Science student with a wide variety of professional skills. Adept at motivating self and others.
Passionate about Database management, Android development and User Experience design.

Email: hez1@myumanitoba.ca  
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/zhong-he-16071666/  
Github: https://github.com/zhong-arch/Zhong_He_Projects

## Projects
**AwemanyBook Android Application-Android development group project**  
The app will allow users to search through the database as well as look through several books by different categories such as top-rated books or personalized recommendations.

-Participated in sprint planning and estimation.   
-Developed software using test-driven development  
-Integration testing tools.  
-Contribute to process and quality improvement.  

**Banitoba Course Registration Website-Website development group project**  
The website will allow users to register, drop and check their courses with an easy and comfortable user experience.
-Analyze, design, build and evaluate web-based user interface for the website.  
-Contribute to high level solution design and definition.  
-Develop prototypes for proofs-of-concepts.

## Technical Skills
**Tools:**
Eclipse, Intellij, Visual Studio, Android Studio, Github, GitLab, Xcode

**Programming language**
>1.Java  
2.JavaScript  
3.CSS  
4.HTML  
5.Ruby  
6.SQL  
7.R  
8.Python  
9.C++  
10.C

## Soft Skills
-Communication  
-Teamwork  
-Flexibility  
-Problem Solving  
-Self-management  
-Work under pressure

## Work Experience
#### Pizza Delivery-Pizza Hotline**  
Winnipeg, MB, Canada
2014 – 2016

Communicated well and used outstanding interpersonal skills to establish positive relationships with guests and co-workers.

## Education
#### Computer Science Undergraduate student-University of Manitoba**  
Winnipeg, MB, Canada  
2017-present

**Highlight Courses:**  
Database Concept and usage, Human-Computer Interaction, Software Engineering, Computer Graphics, Computer Organization and Architecture, Object Orientation, Data Structure and Algorithms and Programming practices(C), and Java for Programmers.

#### Business Administrative Assistant Certificate-Manitoba Institute of Trade and Technology  
Winnipeg, MB, Canada 
2012-2013

**Highlight Courses:**  
Communication & Professional Practice, Word, Excel, Access, Management & Business Organization and Accounting Systems.

## Foreign Language  
-Mandarin – Native  
-Japanese – Limited  
-Korean – Limited  